= s3backup

* http://rubyforge.org/projects/s3backup/

== DESCRIPTION:
S3Backup is a backup tool to local directory to Amazon S3.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:
S3Backup is a backup/restore tool. It is upload local directory to Amazon S3 with compressed.
If directories isn't modified after prior backup,those aren't upload.
It can be Cryptnize upload files if password and salt are configured.

== SYNOPSIS:

To use remotebackup,you should prepare backup configuretion file by yaml such below.
 bucket: "bucket name"
 directories:
 - "absolute path to directory for backup/restore"
 - "iterate directory as you like"
 access_key_id: 'Amazon access_key_id'
 secret_access_key: 'Amazon secret_access_key'
 password: 'password for aes. (optional)'
 salt: 'HexString(16 length) (must when password is specified) '
 buffer_size: 'number of byte max 50000000000 (optional default 32000000)'
 max_retry_count: 'number of retry of post if post failed.(optional default 10)'
 proxy_host: proxy host address if you use proxy.
 proxy_port: proxy port if you use proxy.
 proxy_user: login name for proxy server if you use proxy.
 proxy_password: login password for proxy server if you use proxy.
 log_level: 'output log level. value is debug or info or warn or error(optional default info)'
 temporary: 'temporary directory path. default(/tmp)

*If directories isn't specified when restore, it restores all directories in bucket.

== COMMAND:

=== backup

  s3backup [-f configuration file] [-v verbose message] [-l path for log] [-h help]

  configuration file  path to file written above contents. default is ./backup.yml
  verbose             display directory tree and difference of anterior backup
  path for log        defaut starndard output.
  help                help message

=== restore

  s3backup -r [-f configuration file] [-v verbose message] [-l path for log] [-o output dir] [-h help]

  configuration file  path to file written above contents. default is ./backup.yml
  verbose             display directory tree and difference of anterior backup
  path for log        defaut starndard output.
  output dir          path to directory for restore directory. defaut is ./
  help                help message

== REQUIREMENTS:

* aws-s3

== INSTALL:

* gem install s3backup (might need sudo privileges)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Takeshi Morita

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
